# Adventurer's Journey Revisited
This project is an attempt to revise my earlier text-adventure games to make them more fun to play.

## 1/20/21
- So far, I have created an actor management system. It allows for attacking enemies, getting damaged by enemies, and enemy movement. So far, I have not implemented these functions into the game itself. I plan for the end result to look something like a dungeon exploration game, in which you can move through rooms lined up along the four cardinal directions, however I have not started work on this part, yet.

## 1/21/21
- I've added onto the last version by adding a module to handle player data, such as hit points, armour, and player position. I have also begun work on the game part of the project, with the hud mostly functional and player input systems working quite well. There is a keywork system that allows a player to input commands without needing to adhere to strict grammar rules or command syntax. Instead, it searches for keywords in the player input. An example is "move south", which contains the word 'south', so the player must want to move south. The first keyword found determines the meaning of the user input, which could cause unexpected behavior in some cases. This system has worked quite fine for me so far, so I don't think it will be a problem until much later on, if at all. I have also created a HUD at the top of the screen that displays the player's position, hit points, and armour value. If the player encounters several monsters in a single room, then the game will generate a sentence such as "There are 5 orcs and a goblin here" or "There is an orc and a goblin here". I have also added some functions to the ActorManager class that allows you to scan a room for specific actors or for living actors, such as orcs and goblins.
